well the development schedule for Gears
is that will be shipping and in stores
on November twelfth of this year which
is emergence day and we are very much on
track for that release date so we are
very much in the final phase of
development at Gears of War
our lead designer has had design doc
written from day one and we've spent
hours and hours and meetings ensuring
that the direction of the game is taking
is where we want the game to end up and
we've succeeded that admirably the game
that we're going to be shipping to
stores in November 12 is the game that
we wanted to make from day one Marcus
Fenix the main character starts the game
in prison is quickly released and then
over the course of the game becomes the
savior of humanity or the closest thing
that we have
the wars that were raged destroyed most
of the populated areas of the planet
including all of their parks and
buildings and beauty and toward all the
shreds and that's the world that you
exist in the remnants of the beauty of a
peaceful civilization the multiplier
aspects of the game include co-op
through Xbox Live or system link as well
as split screen so you can play with
your friend in whatever manner or
fashion you can come up with we also
have a very rich and deep vs. mode which
allows you to play with up to seven
other players for four on four or
whatever combination of chaos you want
to throw at it with multiple multiplayer
modes within that
we have a very tactical combat game you
take cover you flank your opponents you
take them down well at the same time
they're doing this to you they have
exactly the same capabilities as the
player so you spend a lot of time trying
to think through what your opponent
could be doing and anticipate his moves
which gives you a very compelling and
enriched experience in which you are
constantly wondering what's going to be
thrown at you next